Updating how to guide for installing Rancher on Rancher Desktop (#148)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: versioned_docs/version-1.6/how-to-guides/rancher-on-rancher-desktop.md

This guide outlines steps to install Rancher Dashboard on Rancher Desktop using `container runtime` or `helm` (local environment):

> Note: Users may encounter their Kubernetes version being incompatible with supporting utilities such as Helm. As a potential fix, users can adjust their Kubernetes version using Rancher Desktop’s UI directly by going into their [_Preferences_](https://docs.rancherdesktop.io/getting-started/features#preferences) > _Kubernetes_ and selecting the appropriate version under the _Kubernetes version_ dropdown. Our supported Kubernetes platforms for Rancher are located on our [support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-7-1/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** You may encounter issues if the supporting utilities (ex: helm), or your workload versions are incompatible with the Kubernetes version in your session. As a potential fix, you can switch to a compatible Kubernetes version via the [Preferences > Kubernetes](https://docs.rancherdesktop.io/getting-started/features/#kubernetes) dialog. Supported Kubernetes platforms for Rancher are available on the [support matrix page](https://www.suse.com/suse-rancher/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/rancher-v2-7-1/).
```
